it what's up Brendan huffard here 100
days of SEO welcome to the 60-second
version of SEO mashup Monday let's do it
[Music]
so I'm gonna hit you
rapid-fire as always links are in the
description first up is a really cool
finding the main issue in an SEO audit
article by Daniel cut Ridge I can assure
you anthem has been killing it lately
both with an article about dental SEO
but also another article about SEO
things that we need to consider during a
website redesign as somebody who does
this every single day as the SEO
director of click studios circle is
spot-on
Kevin indeed put out a really cool
article about twelve reasons your SEO
traffic is plateauing and what you can
do about it and finally if you haven't
already checked out the Google quality
rater
guideline updates seeing exactly what
Google wants on your website you should
check those out as well as always don't
forget to check out the 1 ranking away
30-day free SEO challenge at 100 days of
SEO calm / subscribe or you can just go
to the homepage hundred days of seo.com
take that challenge learn everything in
30 days learn everything that I know
about SEO for free I've been Brendan
Huffer don't get to work hard be nice
people and don't get to lots trying to
create something that matters whether
you're seeing this on Monday or Tuesday
or anytime thereafter I just wanna say
happy Memorial Day if you're a veteran
thank you for serving if you're not
family with a veteran in your family
thank you F for serving as well